This app is meant as a method of messaging people on Airbnb (avoiding the 20 message/user and the 10 account/IP-address limits).  It accomplishes this by using AWS as a method of changing IP addresses.



If anyone's actually interested in using this project, email me at [My First Name Initial][My Last Name] at gmail and I'll actually write a proper README write up.  Here's are some basic instructions to help you get started:

1) Edit config/initializers/aws.rb with your own AWS access_key and secret.  As shown below.

AWS.config(access_key_id: '<YOUR ACCESS KEY HERE>', secret_access_key: '<YOUR SECRET ACCESS KEY HERE>', region: 'us-west-1')

2) You then need to setup the locations database.  First run.

Location.load_csv (this will take a long time)

3) Then run.

Location.get_listings (this will also take a long time -- it's getting every listing in the U.S. from Airbnb's servers)

4) Finally to send a message to a specific listing, call

Message.send_airbnb_message(<listing>, "<your message>")

5) Or to just send a generic message to every listing, edit INTRO_MESSAGE in app/models/message.rb with the generic message you'd like to send and then run

Message.send_message

(again, this will take a long time -- it's changing IPs and sending your message to every listing in the US)




Note: usage of this application may constitute a breach of Airbnb's Terms of Service.  By using this project, you indemnify me of all responsibility.

Also this app is Apache open source.  You can do whatever the hell you want with it. :D
